PSA-2316 update user lockout docs (#1574)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x/content/partials/user-lockout.mdx

after no login attempts is called "lockout counter reset". This can defeat both automated and targeted requests
i.e, user-based password guessing attacks as well as automated attacks.

~> **NOTE**: Because the user lockout occurs early in the request processing, this feature may leak some information

> regarding the validity or existence of a user account, given a valid, existing user account name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>

User lockout occurs early in request processing and may leak
information about the validity or existence of valid, existing user account
names.

</Note>
```
Edited to match previous suggestion
